These thoughts are hard as frozen ice.
I just can't come and tell you,
so I just stand here all along.
What does it mean to become an adult?
I don't understand!
Please tell me, so I don't have to
pretend to be stronger than this.
I'll become the snow, I'll ride the wind
And I'll chase after you.
I want to hold your slender arm
But I just can't tell you, so once again
I end up alone and wanting to cry.
I know it's pure selfishness,
but please notice it.
I want to fit into your eyes
and deliver it straight to your chest.
I'll become the snow, I'll ride the wind
And I'll chase after you.
I want to hold your slender arm
But I just can't tell you, so once again
I end up alone and wanting to cry.
I want to hold your slender arm
But I just can't tell you, so once again
I end up alone and wanting to cry.
I want to hold your slender arm
But I just can't tell you, so once again
I end up alone and wanting to cry.
Please melt this ice with your warm breath.